Add an initial AGENTS.md file (#921)
foxglove/foxglove-sdk: AGENTS.md

| `python/foxglove-sdk-examples`       | Python example programs                                         |
| `python/foxglove-schemas-flatbuffer` | Flatbuffer schema definitions for Python                        |
| `python/foxglove-schemas-protobuf`   | Protobuf schema definitions for Python                          |
| `typescript/schemas`                 | TypeScript schema definitions                                   |
| `schemas/`                           | Schema definitions (flatbuffer, jsonschema, omgidl, proto, ros) |
| `ros/`                               | ROS message package                                             |
| `scripts/`                           | Build and code generation scripts                               |
| `playground/`                        | Interactive playground/examples                                 |

## Technology Stack

- **Rust** - Core SDK implementation; Cargo workspace at the repo root
- **Python** - PyO3 bindings; managed with `uv`; type-checked with `mypy`; formatted with `black` + `isort`; linted with `flake8`
- **C/C++** - FFI layer (C) and idiomatic wrapper (C++); built with CMake + `cargo` (via `corrosion`)

> - **TypeScript** - Schema definitions only; managed with `yarn`; tested with `jest`

Reviewer: Also codegen and various CI scripts

- Context — binds channels to sinks; channels and sinks belong to exactly one context; the global context is used by default
- Channel — typed or untyped message stream on a topic; created once, reused for all messages on that topic
- Sink — receives logged messages; built-in sinks are McapWriter (file logging), WebSocketServer (live visualization), remote access Gateway (remote viz & teleop)
- The Python and C/C++ APIs are thin wrappers over this same model

## Development Guidelines

### Rust

- Prior to committing changes or considering them completed, for the modified rust project(s) run:
  `cargo test --all-features`
  `cargo test --no-default-features`
  `cargo fmt`
  Run cargo check and clippy for the entire workspace:
  `cargo check --all-features`
  `cargo clippy --no-deps --tests --all-features -- -D warnings`
- Prefer `crate::` import over `super::` import; though importing `super::*` is fine within a test module (`mod tests`)
- Use `mod tests` rather than `mod test` for declaring unit tests in a submodule
- The MSRV (Minimum Supported Rust Version) is 1.83.0 (defined in Cargo.toml). Don't use Rust features that aren't stabilized as of this version.

> - Use the tracing crate (tracing::info!, tracing::warn!, etc.), not println!, eprintln!, or the log crate macros directly

Reviewer: Perhaps add:

```suggestion
- Use the tracing crate (tracing::info!, tracing::warn!, etc.), not println!, eprintln!, or the log crate macros directly
- Modules should be defined as `foo.rs`, not `foo/mod.rs`
```

### Python

- The Python SDK is a maturin/PyO3 project — it has a Rust extension compiled into it. After making any Rust change, you need to reinstall the Python package (`uv pip install --editable .`) for Python tests to reflect the change.
- Use `uv` to manage dependencies and run commands (e.g. `uv run pytest`)
- Format with `black` and sort imports with `isort` (profile `black`) before committing
- Run `flake8` for PEP 8 compliance
- Type-check with `mypy`
- Co-locate `test_*.py` files with source, or place them in a `tests/` directory following existing conventions
- Tests use pytest

> - Python code should use modern features and idioms where applicable, the oldest version we need to support is 3.10

Reviewer: As above:
```suggestion
- Python code should use modern features and idioms where applicable, the oldest version we need to support is defined in `python/foxglove-sdk/pyproject.toml`
```
